Two practices. That again, of course, you already know this, but two practices means uproot, right?
You have graspings, uproot in the grasp. You is a Tibetan word, Tibetan word, which means cutting.
As like Tritum, it is the same root syllabus. Tritum. Same root syllabus. Cutting. Completely
cutting.
What cuts? Cuts is graceful. What the great master Mahadegala Ruhar Sahib said, this great Ruhar
Sahib says,
"In the reality level, there is nothing to cut. There is no cutting that cuts." But on the surface,
on the relative level,
something that you cannot, something that you are scared to do, you are performing that. You are
performing. You are cutting that.
So scary things to crush with doesn't end. That is the cutting. Now, this teaching generally how
Buddha said,
again, as I said, I already said that, but the Buddha teaching, particularly in the Vadapara Mother
teaching said,
clearly what Buddha said, "By the poor powers, by the poor powers, a great..." Generally, it is in
the...
I am trying to recollect in it my to be in the brains and then try to put in the English brains. So
that is how it happens.
And in the teaching said, by the power of the poor causes, causes the bodhisattva become so strong,
so powerful, so powerful.
That bodhisattva cannot be defeated by the demons or the negatives, demons. That bodhisattva cannot
be defeated by the poor demons
because so powerful by the poor causes that bodhisattva. What are those four powers? That also,
Buddha said, right after that,
is brain realization of the emptiness and never neglected any sentient beings and maintain it
exactly as you promised it
and with the blessings of the Buddha, so God has. So that, that is the poor powers. What are those
four powers?
Now again, first word, brain realization of the emptiness. This means emptiness of the Pandya Param
ata.
Pandya Paramata nature, nature of the Pandya Paramata is absolute nature. It is not negation,
emptiness, blank emptiness.
It's not that emptiness. This emptiness is openness, envy, freedom, that emptiness having that
realization.
Then second, never give up the sentient beings. That means, that is compassion. Never give up any
sentient beings by your compassion.
Even you have the highest realization of the Pandya Paramata, or even the highest realization of
the Pandya Paramata,
then never separate the kuk. All beings by compassion. Compassion and Pandya Paramata are the same.
Compassion is the Pandya Paramata. Pandya Paramata is compassion. So don't let pulse dilute by the
conceptions.
Kind of neglecting and trying to sort it out. That is demon. And we try to do that. In this case,
that's the demon.
Compassion and realization of the emptiness of the Pandya Paramata, or the Dzogchi realization,
goes as one, one entities, not two entities.
Even there are two names, where nature is expressing, is expressing the two different ways. But it
's the same.
So that is what this body suffers. If they maintain their two powers, first power, emptiness and
compassion.
Third, the power of what you said. That is our commitment.
Keeping up the exiling conduct is also our conduct. Exiling maintains the conduct.
Where would I give the teaching? Where you learn? And what are the traditional things?
Every goodness tradition is good. Good. And particularly in the teaching, such as we committed, we
said we will keep up the vows.
Vows of the suttas, vatimokas, vows of the bodhisattvas, vows of the vedayanas, we didn't kidding
that time.
We said we will do. It's not just that we not diluted ourselves with a clear mind, clear state,
clear mind.
We met that point. Keeping up that is generally known as conduct, morality.
That will keep up, keep up our identity and our status of the realization. Dripping up that. So
that is known as second power.
Third power, with blessings of the buddhas, not suttas, fourth power, with the blessings of the s
uttas.
This is keeping all the teachings, keeping all the practices, not sorting out, not reject, not
criticize, not listen.
Every Buddha teachings, Prahinayana teaching, always such as the Mahat-aki teachings, is teaching,
special teachings.
Whatever we can cooperate and activate, we should bring and grow and beautify ourselves, beautify
help to the others through your love and compassion, as is never give up the sentient beings.
These four powers, every king, her and that Buddha said, that bodhisattva cannot be defeated by
poor demons, poor demons.
This is what the teaching is now. All about the two practices. Voo, meditation and conduct result
comes by these practices.
And when we practice the Jew with ritual objects, trying to maintain that, of course at the
beginning we are learning this.
This may be difficult, but when we practice the Jew, generally we are really trying to maintain
that palette, that will.
Then it is really very powerful two practices. Then it really makes our thought worthy and hero,
and hero, and hero is.
As Mahatma Bhaktam Vassani, as Bodhisattva Muni, as the Guru Pramma Sambha, as the Sichin Sahaja,
truly that is become.
And the external is so simple, humble, drawn to the earth, low key, very humility, what is it
called? Humility?
Humility is very humility, calm and peaceful and very nice.
And that is what an inwardly powerful stone, fearless, cannot be beat by these poor demons.
And now, what are the poor demons? These poor demons, poor demons are then forced in, known as
tangible demons, tangible demons.
And the second is intangible demons. If I translate it roughly, that. Third is excitement demons.
And fourth is grasp.
Grecius again, Madam Mahatma Prabhu, Herr Salva said, those are the poor demons, but all that poor
demon comes to the one demon is the grasping demon.
So that means tangible demon, intangible demon, excited demon, all comes to the grasping demon.
That grasping demon is the root of everything. Then it can be explained so many ways, too many
different ways to explore.
It is so precise. Clearly, also we can talk sometimes, but that is what we are going to cut by
these practices.
So that is really overview of the two practices. Their view, their meditation, their kundra and
their result.
Result is then become, as I said, become warriors, Buddha, and Grecius, Madam Mahatma Prabhu, Patam
Mahatma Prabhu, all those great masters.
Master Ho-Jing-Bing-Lung-Bao and Paul Salva, Do-Jing-Lung-Bao, those great, fearless yogis, yoginis
, that is what they defeated.
The negativities, the root of negativity, grasp, cleanliness. They are not caught with all grasping
, cleanliness.
Cleanliness. So that is really overview of the two practices.
And now, when you practice it, this is. It has all this, this. And then, of course, sometimes we
can talk about that.
Then you do practices. These two practices, here making it particularly, going to the scary places,
all the kundra, like outward locations.
This is generally what the teachings said. Every great master said, "We'll do this when you have
some stabilizations of your realizations."
Or what that means, not just you. When we have some stable realizations, we go to the scary places
to defeat that.
Scary is, of course, big obstacles, big issues in our lives. Scary is that.
But fundamentally, that scary comes from where? It's grasp. It's grasp. It's clinging. Clinging to
the object, clinging to the subject.
Subject. Particularly, clinging to the scary things, comes immediately, deals with it, clinging to
one's own self.
That means, what did Buddha take? He said, "Ego, cling." That's ego. Ego, we're clinging to the ego
.
Ego, cling. That is the territory or the light of the ego, clinging. When we scale, that means that
Therefore, when you have the realization now, when you have nice kind of realization, understanding
of those things, now you're going to the powerful, scary places.
Scary places to activate your scary attitude, to bring out your scares.
Because those powerful scholars will be scared to go, or some scared that. What are even those
scary places?
Now you bring up that thought. Because now you're being, we're not scared on the beach, right?
We're not being scared in our beautiful kind of places, or wherever, those parks and gardens, all
these things.
But now, we're getting scared. This is something that, so, now you're going to scary places, trying
to,
now everything is going so smooth and so beautiful, but trying to make sure that really we defeated
our grasping, our clinging, our ego clinging, that.
So then go to the scary places. Scary places. And then, you practice.
This practice is known as demo. What did the teacher say? To boost our realization.
What is to boost our realization? You go to the scary places.
When you go to the scary places, here, here, the great master said it.
If you have this text, then he said it. He said it.
You're not going there with the "add worldly concerns." Add worldly concerns.
You're not, that is the bottom line. You're not going there with the "add worldly concerns" to the
scary places.
You're going there with genuine, that poor powers, with compassion and love, with full bondless.
Love, compassion, those poor bondless are not going to repeat that. You know that.
With full bondless, then you're going there.
How are you going there? Really, then add hate.
Wait. There's many different ways to go to the scary places,
where you're going to go with four different ways.
Among that, the fourth one, with the realization.
With the realization, you will walk to that place.
What's the realization? That means your conduct is good.
Your will is good. Your practice is good with the confidence.
And may keep up that, will go that. Walk as a lion. Lion to that place.
And humble and simple as the Buddha or sage, calm and peaceful, love and compassion.
Fill with the heart feeling. What is also known as dual practice, crazy, versatile activities.
Crazy, versatile activities fill with the bondness of compassion, or infinite compassion.
Heart is filled with infinite compassion, but fearless as crazy, versatile.
You have no hope and no expectations.
Walking as a lion, I say, with them.
And then there's also teaching, many things here.
But those we can discuss, sometimes we can talk, all that.
And then with humble, simple, keeping up the meditation, practices.
Then it's dual practices. And then there's when you do practice, dual practices, as I said, with
devotion.
When you practice is, as I said, devotion, joy, bodhicaka.
Exactly as by the blessings of the Buddhas, blessings of the Buddhas.
As you sit to do, and the realization of the emptiness and the compassion.
Compassion and practice, practices.
So, and then with all these beautiful implements, these ritual objects, and your practices.
And then among these ritual objects, then this is one of the big, famous ritual objects, the dham
maras.